certain indicators are good and others
are not as important occasionally you
see some that are so clear and in your
face you can't deny them they are a red
flag waving in front of you getting your
attention the Central Bank might be able
to cover up the disaster that is the
stock market but they can't cover this
up you came here for the truth today we
are going to look at these few charts
and I'm going to show you something very
powerful let's begin right away this is
right from the fed's own website where
we look at Commercial and Industrial
loans it's a little bit difficult to see
on this chart so I want to fast forward
ahead to this one here which shows us
the shaded areas and those are the
previous recessions okay the last three
recessions that were encountered in the
US every single time this has has
started to turn onto a
decline you will see that there has been
a recession right after this is a very
clear warning sign didn't happen once or
twice it happened three times
previous every single time this
occurred a recession followed okay this
is a very clear Trend to me another
thing that I want to note is the fact
that every time that this
occurred the drop was more and more
dramatic and if history is any guide
this next time could be basically a
straight line
downward I would suggest to everyone
that we need to keep a very close eye on
this in the coming not months or years
but in the coming days and weeks so keep
your eyes peeled bu on the commercial
and Industrial loans I believe this
could be something now is it the only
indicator to pay attention to no
absolutely not but it does show you that
three previous occasions something
occurred and that we are moving into
that exact same direction
now could it be 4 for four I'm not sure
let's keep our eyes on it look at this
commercial bank loan creation
year-over-year change it is absolutely
falling over a cliff
at this time and it's been going on now
as a trend for the past couple years
it's not just something that happened
over the past few weeks we're looking at
years bringing us back to numbers from
look at this back to
2011 so this is not a good sign for the
real
economy real estate loans year-over-year
change what you can see here again is a
decline line now this is
not as far back but it does show you
that for several months there has been a
decline in the real estate loans moving
on to this commercial auto loans
year-over-year change again another
decline this is all compounding you can
see that it's not just one sector that's
affected it is seemingly throughout the
entire economy affected look at
this there's a whole article here I'm
not going to get into the whole article
I just wanted to cover one point from it
household debt has been growing at
multiples of income a disconnect that
can only
exist in a Wonderland of permanently low
interest rates if interest rates rise
this will change entirely and they're
going ahead with it there's the meeting
the FED meeting and perhaps at the time
that you're watching this video the FED
meeting has already occurred whether or
not they will increase interest rates
that seems to be the way they're going
they're slowly but surely increasing
rates if they get to a certain point
it's going to collapse the economy it
has to what about the national debt it's
already at a rate they can't service it
it's impossible and they're increasing
the interest rates that's making it even
worse and worse it's compounding the
problem I think they should increase
rates but ultim it's going to send in
this crash look at this chart debt
versus income and when you look at it in
the United States it's terrible okay
we're looking at over 100% but it's
nothing compared to Canada and even
worse Australia where you can see that
the amount of debt that people
are getting themselves into is
astronomical it is the highest it has
ever been ever right now at this
time there's no deleveraging occurring
there is no sense of paying down the
debt beginning to save and then you know
getting into these big ticket items when
you have a little bit more no what you
do is you go to Alternative lenders who
will lend you things at a
ridiculous ratees but it's okay because
as as long as interest rates remain low
and as long as everything in the global
economy continues the way it is covered
up that is then we're okay but of course
that's not the case it will not be the
case you can cover up the stock market
but you cannot cover up the real dying
economy if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
your thumbs up supports me if you want
to support me the easiest thing you can
do is give me a thumbs up I also like to
see your comments down below no other
YouTuber out there replies to as many
people as I do I reply to every single
email I get and I try to reply to as
many comments as I possibly can your
comments are something that I look
forward
to if you found this video informative I
know you will find my books the money
GPS and my new release global economic
collapse even more informative the first
book was about the for asset classes how
to profit from them and the new book
touches on the familiar subjects but I
also get into tax incentives reducing
your monthly expenses and how to become
self-sufficient which I believe is the
solution so you can check those out at
Amazon there's a link in the
description and I just wanted to mention
to you that I just finished an interview
with X2 22 if you're a fan of x22 then
check him out I believe that tomorrow as
of the posting of this video he will be
posting it so check him out over there
if you are only on my YouTube channel
then you can always go to my YouTube
channel main Channel page and scroll
down to the interviews playlist and I
will add it in there take care